release: v1.53.0 (#5873)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_return_response_with_errors.md

Reviewer: @Geal please review this edited changeset

Author: I addressed them.

> ### Entity cache: return cached entities with errors ([PR #5776](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5776))
> 
> If we are requesting entities from a subgraph, where some of them are present in cache, and the subgraph is unavailable (ex: network issue), we want to return a response with the entities we got from the cache, other entities nullified, and an error pointing at the paths of unavailable entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Entity cache returns cached entities with errors ([PR #5776](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5776))

When requesting entities from a subgraph where some entities are cached but the subgraph is unavailable (for example, due to a network issue), the router now returns a response with the cached entities retrieved, the unavailable entities nullified, and an error pointing at the paths of the unavailable entities.
```
